now as the worst commercials the United
States military now I did not say I hate
the military I don't I could not be on
stage with freedom of speech if we're
not for a strong military so please give
it up for the troops right hand okay
thank you but their commercials are
awful they're terrible I think the Navy
it starts off good either blasting
Godsmack music there's helicopters
flying in / aircraft carriers you're
like yeah I can do this sign me up let's
enlist and then their slogan comes and
says Navy accelerate your life I don't
know if you understand the English
language the way that I do but
accelerate your life is another way of
saying die sooner you can actually die
in the Navy you don't want to remind
people of that should be like Navy you
might not see land maybe who still uses
boats when's the last time there's been
a credible threat from the Spanish
Armada it's been some time Army's not
much better army strong army / army like
incomplete grammatically incorrect
sentences we spent five hundred and
thirteen billion dollars a year on the
military more than every other country
combined you're telling me we can't find
an extra 1 million dollars in the budget
to toss to the guys who make the miller
lite ads to make a 30-second spot about
how much asian tail you're gonna pull in
when you're stationed in the Pacific
yeah Navy great taste resh fearing oh
dude that's like the first of like 17
Asian jokes I got coming up so you
really better get on board quickly
there's one thing I right well it is
good Asian joke I'm sorry but I do
that's what four years here did
now you want to get more people to join
the military here's what you do have
recruiters start giving away free plane
tickets one trip through airport
security you are ready to kill a
terrorist making me take off my shoes
I'm getting on a plane I'm not entering
a Japanese household see there's one